[theme music]
[door closes]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Ik-jun] Hey, Parking Master!
[grunts]
[sighs]
Can you park for me?
Why am I the "Parking Master"?
Why did you turn around, then?
Come on. Take this. Hurry.
Get me some coffee too!
Go to the lobby!
[sighs]
[sniffs]
[quirky music]
[grunts]
Oh, good morning, Professor.
Sorry, I'm such a mess.
No need to apologize.
I'm sorry for waking you up.
You have some time before our rounds.
-Go to sleep.
-Oh, no, it's okay, really.
[slurps]
[sighs deeply]
Oh.
Oh, yeah. Great!
-Is this mine?
-Hello.
[sighs]
[Song-hwa] When did you get changed?
Hey, I can't come out to the lobby
looking like that.
Plus, I also have to do my rounds.
I did my business quickly,
so I could get dressed
and ready to see patients.
Sure, whatever you say.
What you're thinking did not happen, huh.
My anal sphincter is still strong.
My gosh.
Whoa.
Look at this guy
sleeping like a dead, right?
I'm exhausted every morning too.
-[gasps]
-Jeez, you scared me.
The time has come for you
to say goodbye to this world, my son.
Leave your material possessions behind
it's time you followed me.
Right now?
But I still have a lot left to do.
[chuckles]
Hey, wake up.
Dr. Yong, you're still very much alive.
-Give him a break.
-Seriously?
It was fun.
You're dead to the world,
you must be really tired, huh?
You gotta ease up.
Have you taken a vacation yet?
Ooh.
I haven't taken a break yet.
[groans]
-But I have some time off next month.
-[Ik-jun] Good.
Professor Chae said all of us residents
should go on vacation for a week,
so we decided we'll take turns
and go on vacation.
If I could, I'd love to take a week off.
Rest for a bit.
Professor, what if you could take
a year off and not work,
what do you think you'll be
doing the whole time?
-Me?
-[Ik-jun] She'll probably want to study.
No way.
I'd move to a place like Gangneung,
Sokcho, or Tongyeong.
I'd love to live somewhere like that
for a year.
I want to live in a place that's not
too big, but not also too remote.
I'll work at a hospital there.
The question was, "What would you do
if you didn't have to work?"
Life would be so boring
if we didn't have to work.
No, it wouldn't be boring!
There are plenty of fun things
you can do in life.
-You'd probably play all day.
-Of course, I will!
As I was saying, I'd rather work
at a small hospital than a big one.
I can give the patients
my undivided attention.
Have you seen…
[clears throat]
…the MBC documentary called Success Tale?
-[all laugh]
-Stop, I'm being serious.
If that show
was still on the air right now,
I could see them producing
a three-episode special feature on her.
During my free time, I'll go hiking, okay?
I'll go to the beach, and do fun things.
Hospitals in small towns are even busier.
"Free time"? Gosh, I doubt it.
And you, Professor Lee?
What would you do if you had a year off?
Oh, me?
I've never thought about it.
[clears throat]
Should I assume I have a kid?
No. Let's say you're still single.
-Clubbing! I'd go clubbing, of course.
-[chuckles]
I'll go to a club and dance all night.
I'll make sure my feet won't touch
the dance floor
for more than a second at a time.
I'll dance until the sun rises.
-Like… like this.
-What about during the day?
[pants]
I'll go shopping.
You must understand, I'm a city guy.
I love Seoul so much.
Seeing the stars and the moon
in the countryside isn't really my thing.
[singing]
♪ The flashing neon signs in the city ♪
Those things… How should I put this?
They heal my mind.
Weren't you taking flower photos recently?
Malls have flowers too.
The apartment complexes
are surrounded by flowers.
[sighs]
I'd go to the flower shop
by the food court at the department store
and then I'll take pictures
of the neatly arranged flowers there.
Let's go. It's time for our rounds.
I work here too.
I also have to do my rounds.
[Ik-jun singing]
♪ The flashing neon signs in the city ♪
[Song-hwa] Gosh, be quiet.
[theme music]
[keyboard clacking]
[cell phone chimes]
[Ik-sun] I'll give you my answer
within the next 72 hours.
[sighs]
[Jun-wan] You can take your time.
This isn't a military operation.
[cell phone chimes]
[Ik-sun] Oh, in that case,
give me about a week to answer.
[Jun-wan] All right.
Don't skip any of your meals.
[Ik-sun] Of course!
-I eat two bowls of rice for every meal.
-[laughs]
[Jeong-won] I'm sorry, Mom.
The baby's condition suddenly worsened.
I have to go to the PICU now.
You can go ahead
and get the other tests done
for your checkup.
Mom, don't worry, the gastroscopy
will be done last anyway.
I should be able to make it there by then.
Of course, I can get it done by myself.
Do I look like a child to you?
I was told to bring a guardian
for the conscious sedation endoscope.
What an annoying rule!
So people who are single
and have no friends
can't ever get it done or something?
I know that too. That's why I left the car
and took a taxi here.
Anyway…
-Excuse me.
-Yes.
Doctor, where do I go
for an executive checkup?
Ah, you're gonna have to go
to B1 of the next building.
You can either go outside
and find that building
or you can head down to B1 from here.
It's all connected.
-Oh, it's so kind of you to help.
-[doctor chuckles]
-Thank you so much.
-No problem.
[chuckles]
Whatever. I don't need you anymore.
I can figure out what to do with
this damn endoscopy, so go back to work.
[cell phone beeps]
Hey, Jun-wan. Are you seeing someone?
[chuckles]
You are. I'll talk to you later.
That prick, is he a psychic?
-[patient groans]
-[Ik-jun] Hm.
This morning, his temperature went up
to 37.8°C, so we gave him a fever reducer.
The fever has gone down.
[sighs]
I saw the chest X-ray you took
this morning.
Your lungs are still tight,
which is probably why you had a fever.
It's not easy, but you have
to keep doing the ball exercise.
[groans]
Doctor, I feel so weak all the time.
The only thing I get to eat is porridge.
You'll get rice porridge
starting tomorrow.
We'll give him normal meals
[nurse] Yes.
Am I allowed to eat meat?
I have a huge craving for bulgogi.
Gosh, even now…
[sniffing]
Oh. Wow, I feel like
I can smell bulgogi right now.
I know.
[sniffs]
The Seoul-style bulgogi, am right?
Yeah. With the thick sweet marinade.
With a generous amount of green onions.
Tons of onions.
Along with two tablespoons
of nicely minced garlic.
A little bit of corn syrup and plenty
of enoki and shiitake mushrooms,
am I right?
Ooh… I smell…
[sniffing]
[gasps]
Ma'am, you can't!
He's not allowed.
He's supposed to be fasting now.
Hey, wait. Hold on. Oh, come on.
Your surgery is scheduled tomorrow.
You really shouldn't be eating this, sir.
Oh, my goodness, doctor.
It's major surgery
where his abdomen will be split open.
He can't do that on an empty stomach.
He needs to eat at least one proper meal
so we can be sure the surgery
will be successful,
wouldn't that be better, doctor?
No. That's not how it works, ma'am. Gosh.
Listen, sir, okay?
You can eat as much as you want
after the surgery.
If you eat this now,
you'll have to fast one more day.
And stay here longer.
Just try and bear with it today,
then you can eat all sorts of yummy foods
until you turn 100. I promise.
Great. That's good.
-Let's put this in the fridge for now.
-Gosh, all right.
Huh! Thank goodness you caught that
just in time, Doctor Lee.
That was close. His surgery is tomorrow.
Doctor, wait, please. Doctor.
[chuckles]
Would like you to have this bottle.
Actually, it was my grandson
who bought it.
My gosh, it's very sweet and tasty.
It's so good.
You have to taste it yourself.
[laughs]
[nervous chuckle]
I'm sorry, ma'am,
we can't accept things like this.
This could get the hospital in trouble.
Oh, but it's just coffee though.
You can't accept it?
Oh my… I want you to have it
because I feel bad
for being such a nuisance to you today.
[nervous chuckle]
That's very sweet of you, ma'am,
but the gesture is more than enough.
I'll take it. Yeah.
-Thanks for your gift.
-[chuckles]
My gosh, it looks delicious.
-I can tell it's great. Yeah, huh?
-[old woman chuckles]
Okay, ma'am.
I can accept this now,
but this is the last time, okay?
Of course, doctor.
You won't get anything from me
from now on.
[laughs]
-Doctor, I hope you enjoy it.
-I will.
-Thanks again.
-My pleasure.
Hey there, Ms. Song!
Let's go to the VIP ward, shall we?
Ah, Ms. Song and I will go check up
on Mr. Go Yeong-min in the VIP ward.
Wait.
What?
Ah…
You can come too.
Let's go.
-Your kid dropped out of school?
-[Su-bin] Yes.
Whatever I do, the kid can't stand it.
You can't do anything
if they really don't wanna go.
I mean, what else can you do?
-Eighth grade, right?
-Yes.
Oh, man.
I keep saying, "Don't stop, you have
to at least finish middle school."
-But the kid wants to take the GED.
-What?
The kid will work part-time
and buy a camera and a computer.
And the kid told me
to mind my own business.
Sometimes I get the feeling
my kid is an alien.
[Su-bin clears throat]
Good morning. Oh, gosh.
[gasps]
I guess you came here
right after your shoot.
Yes, hi, good morning.
I was at the shoot the whole night
before coming here.
I didn't have a chance
to remove my makeup though.
Is your father resting?
Yes, he just fell asleep.
-Ah, good morning.
-Yes, nice to meet you.
My gosh.
Even for a simple surgery,
the following day is always the hardest.
After today, I promise,
everything will get much easier,
so please tell him to hang in there, okay?
He was watching TV with me
until he dozed off.
He says he feels great
and isn't in any pain.
Well, why don't we grab
a meal sometime, doctor?
Sure. Sounds good.
[both gasp]
How about lunch today?
Sounds good.
[chuckles softly]
[machine beeping]
[Jeong-won] How are the total bilirubin
and LFT levels?
The total bilirubin is 25,
and LFT is 700 over 400,
but it's rising.
-Have we gotten any updates on KONOS?
-No.
[sighs]
I don't think she can hold out
for more than a week.
[sighs deeply]
Oh, no.
Ji-a's mother is outside, right?
She's waiting outside,
but she's devastated.
Well, I…
I did explain the details to her,
but I didn't talk to her like last time.
I wasn't blunt about the results.
Okay. Thank you.
I need to talk to her
and I'll tell her that…
Ji-a's body is struggling.
[machine beeping]
[dramatic music]
[footsteps softly thumping]
[sighs deeply]
[quirky music]
[slurps]
[giggles]
You're a big eater now.
Oh.
Back then,
I only ate one meal every two days.
-It must've been tough for you.
-Yeah.
[giggles]
Sorry about that.
Wait a minute.
Is that reason why you broke up with me?
Who, me? Who said I was the one
who ended things?
-Did I break up with you?
-Yeah.
You said you were stressed out
and super tired. You wanted a break.
Then you went AWOL.
Oh.
I did. But then when I got back
I called you many times,
you were ignoring my calls.
-I think I called you about 30 times.
-No, only 29 times.
[soft chuckle]
It's a good thing
you've got a good memory.
I totally made that up.
[both chuckle]
-Hello, I'm a big fan of yours.
-Oh…
Hello and thank you,
please enjoy your lunch.
Are you uncomfortable here?
We should've eaten out.
I wanted to, I want to treat you
to a fancy restaurant.
Don't you know about
the Improper Solicitation and Graft Act?
-Hello, Professor Lee.
[Ik-jun] Hi.
-Whoa.
-Oh!
[stutters]
Aren't you… You're…
Yes. She's the person who you think
she is, but she's eating right now.
Go away, guys.
-Please, enjoy your lunch.
-Thank you.
-Enjoy. Have a good lunch.
[chuckles]
So would you like anything else?
This… looks delicious.
Oh, my, look who we have here.
I'm a huge fan of yours.
[sighs deeply]
Man, these pricks.
Can't you see the lady is eating…
[chopsticks clatter]
My gosh.
Sir, it's you. Good morning.
How are you doing, sir?
It's good seeing you today.
-He's the chairman of the board.
-Oh, hello. Nice to meet you.
My gosh, you don't need to get up.
Please, take a seat.
Sit down. You look prettier in person.
-My goodness. So beautiful.
-[both chuckle]
-Are you real or a doll?
-Oh, no, I'm not.
[all laugh]
What brings the two of you here?
-Are you feeling okay?
-I'm fine. I came for a checkup.
-Is she your patient?
-Well, no, I…
I performed surgery
on her father yesterday.
[chuckles]
Oh, I see. May I take a picture with you?
-Of course.
-Let's take a selfie.
-Sure, come closer.
-[chuckles]
-Move, I want to be in the picture too.
-[all chuckle]
All right.
Here we go.
[grunts]
Oh, I was recording a video.
-Oh, sorry about that.
-[A-ra] Okay.
-Do you want me to take the picture?
-No, it's okay, I can do it. I got this.
All right, let's try it again.
Look at the camera, everybody.
-What are you doing?
-Here. Let's try this way.
Hmm. Ah…
Oh, will this work…
Oh, never mind, you take it. Oh, goodness.
-Okay, fine, then.
-Okay, guys.
Hmm.
Smile for the camera. One, two, three.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
You were being stubborn.
That was embarrassing,
in front of all those people.
What was I supposed to do?
I can't see very well.
Hand me your car keys.
I'm going to drive you home.
As people get older
they become more hard-headed.
-No wonder millennials don't like you.
-Come on, now.
Why would you say something like that?
I'm still young at heart.
Besides, age is nothing but a number.
I meant being youthful physically!
Feeling young at heart doesn't matter.
Will you give me that!
It's not working.
Maybe the battery is dead.
Are you sure it's even on this floor?
Of course, I always park here…
[laughs]
[laughing continues]
This is the perfect example
of how feeling young at heart
doesn't matter.
[sighs]
Let's move into a nursing home, Jong-su.
Do you know of a good one?
Frankly, I'd like that.
But first, let's find your car.
-Give me that.
-[laughs]
No. I took a taxi here.
[laughs]
Phew.
-Oh, you're so…
-I didn't bring the car today.
[both laugh]
Hey, stop it.
You even think it's funny, huh?
-Oh, I can't stop laughing.
-[both laugh]
My goodness.
You brought your car key but no car.
[both laugh]
I get that you were running around today.
But how could you forget? Oh, boy.
-I took a taxi here.
-[both laugh]
MOM
[sighs deeply]
[Seok-hyeong's mother]
Hi, son. Have you had your lunch yet?
No, not yet. I'm going to have lunch now.
Why does your voice sound strange, Mom?
Do you have a cold?
They say even dogs don't catch a cold
in the middle of summer,
yet here I am, down with the virus.
How ironic.
[clears throat]
I'm okay though. I took some medicine.
What is it? Did something happen?
Oh… Nothing.
When I'm done with work,
I'll go straight to Auntie's place.
Yes.
I'll head over there now
and eat something.
I'll see you later.
[cell phone beeps]
[sighs]
When did you get here?
[sighs deeply]
What? Is your patient not doing well?
It's a six-month-old baby girl.
We did the Kasai procedure
for her biliary atresia a while back.
And?
After the surgery,
she seemed to have improved.
Now, it looks like she's getting worse.
A liver transplant
would be the only solution.
But her mom's blood type isn't compatible,
and her dad has hepatitis B.
Have you registered her yet?
It won't be easy to find a donor
'cause she's a baby.
Yes, I already did.
But I haven't heard from them yet.
She's an infant, so a brain-dead donor
must be under the age of 40.
And the liver can't be too large.
It's honestly so difficult.
[sighs deeply]
When I see her parents,
they look so exhausted.
I think they've almost given up.
[sighs]
I don't want to give up
on my patient though.
Oh, boy.
Do everything in your power to save her.
Let's go.
-Let's go eat something.
-I'm not really hungry.
Gosh.
[sighs]
A hinoki bathtub? Why do you need it?
Your neighbor Seong-beom got one?
Oop. What? Thirty million won?
Oh, come on.
You don't have a rich son, Mom.
I live paycheck to paycheck.
Are you for real?
I already spoke to my friend
who's an ENT doctor.
Come to the hospital next week.
I'll go with you.
You need to get good-quality
hearing aids that fit well.
Of course, I chose a cheap one.
Yes, I'm serious. It was very cheap.
Talk to you later.
Jeong-yeon changed what?
She changed her name? To what?
[sighs]
Mom.
If she's still only getting minor roles
after 15 years,
it doesn't mean
she doesn't any have talent.
Tell her to quit and learn
a practical skill or prepare for an exam.
I'll talk to her, then.
Okay, I'll call her.
-So Jeong-yeon changed her name?
-Yeah.
She's Yeon-jeong now.
-That's pretty.
-Pretty? What are you saying?
It sounds ridiculous.
Like a Chinese restaurant.
Oh.
-She can be so immature.
-You ordered eggs, right?
♪ Your eggs are here
Just like you ordered ♪
♪ They're fresh and big ♪
You haven't eaten yet, right? I knew it.
Here, the lady at the cafeteria
gave me this.
-Are those boiled eggs?
-Obviously.
Professor Chae, the flash drive.
-Excuse me.
-Yeah, thanks.
Here you go.
-My brother…
-Yes?
Good to see you.
[Song-hwa] Actually,
you should use brother-in-law.
-Gosh, no.
-Brother, have a seat here.
Are you busy? Sit down for a minute.
Oh, sorry, I can't.
I still have to do something.
Hey, Song-hwa.
Are you keeping him that busy?
You're making him work like a dog?
Join us and have some food.
Yeah, please have a seat. Join us.
I have something to tell you.
Okay.
Well…
You are aware
that you are the first, right?
-What do you mean?
-I'm talking about Ik-sun.
She's actually quite popular.
When you hang out with her,
you realize that she's funnier
than you thought.
Ah, yes, you're right. She's really funny.
[laughs]
I know that very well.
Especially, the pigeon trick.
That's right, the pigeon.
You've seen it, I taught her that one.
[chuckles]
You see, I…
[clears throat]
This is my style.
The pigeon flies like this.
Whoa, whoa…
[grunting]
-Then it comes back like this.
-[Chi-hong laughs]
I've been seeing that for 20 years.
-I'm sick of it.
-I've seen his and his sister's.
That's why she's had so many guys
confess their feelings to her.
I'm telling you. Ik-sun has had
countless guys chasing her.
Wherever she goes, everywhere.
Yes, I know. Ik-sun is popular
in the unit as well.
You see?
The truth is, she's so used to being
worshipped by these boys around her
but it's the first time
that she likes a man.
Me?
[chuckles]
Gosh, it's not me. We don't have
that kind of relationship at all.
Seriously, we're just close friends.
We are best friends.
-That's all.
-That's how it starts, you know.
Soon, you guys will call each other
"babe" or "honey".
Professor Lee, we're really just friends.
You see, my sister…
She's someone who is used
to receiving love.
She's never liked a guy first.
Even if she had a crush on someone,
she'd never show it.
But I think that…
[inhales deeply]
…my sister has feelings for you.
So, you see, Dr. Ahn.
I really hope that…
-you'll accept my sister's love.
-[grunts]
[groans]
Well, are you all right?
That must've hurt.
[quirky music]
-You hit me? What the hell?
-[Song-hwa] Hey, guys.
-Why--
-[Song-hwa] Guys…
-Please stop!
-I don't care.
-I didn't do anything.
-[Song-hwa] That's enough.
-Why did you hit me?
-[Song-hwa] Stop it!
-What's your problem?
-[Song-hwa] Guys, enough!
-You're so annoying!
-Don't touch it!
I paid for those eggs!
-How dare you hit me in the head!
-Get off!
[Song-hwa laughs]
[chortles]
I swear, you two are like
seven-year-old boys.
What made you think of using his head
to crack the egg?
Because Ik-jun kept talking nonsense.
Why is that nonsense?
I've never seen a guy who knows
so much about his own sister. It's cute.
He was talking about himself,
not his sister.
That's how he's always been.
Tell me, have you ever seen Ik-jun fall
for a girl first?
He married Hye-jeong
because she couldn't stop
chasing him for months.
He and his sister
are driving me out of my mind these days.
I'm leaving.
You won't stay for coffee?
I have to go talk to Mr. Instinct.
I think it's about time
I give him his present.
Bye.
MEDICAL OFFICE 3
NEUROSURGERY
Have any of you seen Mr. Instinct?
"Mr. Instinct"?
Dr. Do stepped out to get a cup of coffee.
-Should I call him?
-No, no need.
[sighs]
He's never around
when I'm trying to be nice to him.
Why, Professor?
I was going to ask him
to take care of an ASD next week.
Ooh.
-Shall I call him?
-No, I can call him.
I was going to tell him
and might as well surprise him.
I heard he comes here often,
so I came here to give him the good news.
But too bad. I suppose that is his fate.
Take it easy, guys.
[quirky music]
Well, well, what brings you here?
Is this Dr. Bong's salon,
where I can find out
everything about the professors
from their first love
to their health problems?
You're in the right place.
About Professor Kim?
You got it right.
I completely admire Professor Kim.
I want to get to know him more.
So what should I do?
Gosh, I'm so curious.
[sighs]
Dr. Ahn, I'm really jealous of you.
Professor Chae is like Mother Teresa.
Yes, she's great.
Dr. Ahn, I would have never pegged you
for a military guy.
Are you sure
you're from the Military Academy?
Yeah, I did pretty well in the military.
So why did you leave, then?
You got into Korea Military Academy
and became a captain.
Why did you quit?
According to rumors,
it was because of a woman.
No, I heard he quit
because he lacks the aptitude for it.
There was a big accident in his unit.
He quit because of his PTSD.
-No, it was a woman.
-He lacks the aptitude.
He obviously didn't follow
the MBTI test results.
It's a toxic environment.
So it was because of his
post-traumatic stress disorder.
Wouldn't it be more comfortable
for you guys
to talk about me when I'm not around?
No, way. We never talk
behind anyone's back.
-We say what we want to their face.
-I see.
It's not like Dr. Ahn is planning
to tell us the reason. Are you?
[chuckles]
Forget it.
It's not like we're dying to know.
-Yeah.
-Also, the past isn't important.
The future… The future is what matters.
Please, Professor.
What does Professor Kim Jun-wan
like more than anything else?
I've been observing his behavior
for half a year and I think…
What do you think?
I think he likes everyone but me.
He doesn't open up to people easily.
He has no interest
in what other people do or have.
-He's a selfish guy.
-Oh.
There is this one thing. Golf.
If it's related to golf, he loves it.
He'd even go golfing in a heartbeat
with his parents' worst enemy.
[quirky music]
[sighs]
[cell phone buzzes]
[sighs deeply]
As for Ahn Jeong-won,
he's from a rich family,
so he likes to dabble
in all sorts of activities.
He has a different hobby for each season.
-In spring--
-He runs a marathon.
[Gwang-hyeon] That's correct.
He runs a marathon in spring.
In summer, he goes surfing.
Hmm.
[Gwang-hyeon] In autumn, he goes hiking.
Then in winter, he goes skiing.
But he hasn't been able to do
any of those things because he's busy.
What about Professor Yang?
Seok-hyeong? Does he have a hobby?
I think he always stays at home.
Rumor has it, he has a 300-inch TV
to watch his favorite shows.
-[Gwang-hyeon laughs]
-Oh, jeez.
As for Song-hwa, she likes camping.
[quirky music]
[rattles]
[chuckles]
[giggles]
As for Ik-jun, let's see…
[sighs]
[inhales]
That guy likes…
He does everything. He does.
He rides his bikes, he plays golf,
and also likes video games.
He can play the guitar
as well as the bass guitar.
He made a cheer for a baseball team.
Also, he can cook.
Anyway, he does everything.
Ik-jun. He's good at all of them.
-He knows how to cook?
-He sure can.
You know, he's been
a single father for a few years.
He's adamant about giving U-ju
only organic, home-cooked meals at home,
so he always cooks and eats with his son
whenever he's free or on weekends.
Mm.
[quirky music]
[mumbling]
Mm.
[sighs]
[rattles]
Hands up.
[sighs]
Are Ma-ne and her dad
the only ones coming this evening?
-It's Mo-ne, Dad.
-Right, Mo-ne, yeah.
Mo-ne has a sister, doesn't she?
I'm pretty sure she has one named Ma-ne.
She has an older sister.
They're twins, Jang Ma-ne.
See? I knew she'd have one.
[rattles]
Ma-ne and Mo-ne always go as a set.
How come Ma-ne is not coming today?
I don't know. I only care about Mo-ne.
[grunts]
Here you go.
Love can be so mysterious.
You know what? I made meatballs for you.
-I even made ketchup from scratch.
-I want jajangmyeon!
[Ik-jun grunts]
Dude, come on.
[quirky music]
[sniffs]
[Jong-su]
And what do you happen to be called?
"Brachyscome angustifolia".
It's a flower that blooms all year round?
Oh, my goodness,
your life must be exhausting.
[Rosa sighs]
[camera shutter clicks]
"Geranium"?
I've heard of "plutonium"
and I also heard of "uranium",
but I've never heard of this "geranium".
Anyway, nice to meet you.
[chuckles]
Shouldn't you be going to the hospital?
I don't want to. I'm so sick and tired
of going to that place.
If I get sick, my plan is to quietly move
into a temple somewhere far.
Aha… nice.
Oh, another flower I've never seen before.
Hold on. Now, what could your name be?
Hey, Jong-su, take a picture of me.
-[Jong-su sighs]
-Come on.
[camera shutter clicks]
-All right. What did it say?
-What?
Oh, amazing it's got a name. Wow.
-Really?
-Yes.
It says the name is…
"Your Youth Has Gone".
Huh?
It says your youth is gone.
[both laugh]
-For real? Let me see.
-Yes.
-You don't need this.
-[both laugh]
Show me! Let me see!
Why do you want to see it?
-Come on, just show me.
-Just believe me. That what it said.
-Hey!
-Ow! Let's go inside.
-It's cold out here!
-What are you talking about?
-[Rosa] It's the middle of summer.
-Oh, my goodness, I'm freezing!
[Rosa] Show me your phone.
Does it really say that? Hey!
[door closes]
You've got youth on your side.
So it's not a stretch for you
to look pretty.
Wait, I take it back,
why do you look so tired?
Oh, menstrual cramps.
I get it every month.
That's sucks.
[sucks teeth]
Listen, there's something
I need to ask you.
Fire away.
About the clothes that you wear,
are they the only ones you have?
Yes, this is my summer outfit.
Ah…
[chuckles]
[quirky music]
What is it? What?
I can see my reflection on your face.
This is called dewy makeup.
It's too much.
[grunts]
My mom tells me that fashion
that other people don't recognize
can't be called fashion.
My mom always says
I should tell my friends right away
when they go in the wrong direction.
[chuckles softly]
What the heck?
[suspenseful music]
[pants]
[breathes deeply]
We're ready to begin the ASD closure
for patient Jeong Jin-ho.
Lead surgeon, Do Jae-hak.
First assistant is Kim Jun-wan.
You may proceed, Dr. Do.
Yes.
[exhales deeply]
Mmm.
[rattles]
[machine beeping]
You're not supposed to cut that part.
Be very precise,
or you'll damage other parts.
[Jae-hak] Got it.
[Jun-wan] Again, be precise.
Go down to the endocardium.
If you only stitch up to the layers
that you see, it'll end up bleed later.
[Jae-hak] Understood, doctor.
[Jun-wan]
For that part, don't go too deep.
Don't let your eyes fool you.
You have to look extra carefully.
Yes.
All right, Dr. Do.
I got a call from the ICU, so I can't stay
until you finish the procedure.
Can I go now, doctor?
Yes, get going. Thanks for your help.
All right, thank you very much.
Professor.
Thank you for this opportunity.
I promise I'll do better next time.
You better. I'm going to hold you to that.
Hey.
You actually did better than I expected.
What's gotten into you? Huh.
[machine beeping]
[Jae-hak chuckles]
[door opens]
-[Yun-bok] Hello, Professor.
-[Hong-do] Hello, Professor.
Could you pass me my phone, please?
-You're med students?
-Yes.
You live nearby? Where are you from?
I live pretty far from here.
Fifty minutes by subway.
My gosh, that must be tiring.
-All right, take it easy.
-Have a nice day, Professor.
[door closes]
[quirky music]
[door opens]
-[Yun-bok] Hello, Professor.
-[Hong-do] Hello, Professor.
Where is Dr. Jang Gyeo-ul?
Oh, I think she's assisting in the OR now.
Oh, really? Thank you.
Med students, right?
-Yes, sir.
So what does your father do?
-He works as a farmer, sir.
-I see.
Have a good day, Professor.
[door closes]
Professor.
It's Ji-a. Her hourly urine output
has dropped to less than 3cc.
-What about her vitals?
-Her BP is stable,
but her heart rate is around 150bpm.
She has tachycardia.
[sighs]
Professor, we're ready for you now.
[Jeong-won] Okay, I'm coming.
It's an imperforate anus surgery,
so I'll finish in two hours.
Give her more fluid
and keep me updated, please.
And call Professor Lee Ji-yeong
if her condition worsens.
I'll also let her know about it.
Okay.
[quirky music]
-Hello, Professor.
-Hi, who are you?
I'm a med student, sir.
Goodness, med school isn't easy.
Why would you choose it?
-Is there a doctor in your family?
-Ah, none.
-What does your father do?
-He's a farmer.
I see. Farming is great, huh.
No, the surgery wasn't that hard.
It was for a condition called "ASD",
an atrial septal defect.
And I do it all the time. Always.
Yes, I got it done in no time.
[laughs]
Why would I get yelled at?
[grunts]
Well…
He may be tough, but Professor Kim
doesn't lose his temper for no reason.
[scoffs]
Oh, honey, I'm sorry.
I'm gonna have to call you back.
-Where are you heading off to?
-I'm not telling you. Was that your wife?
[chuckles]
Yes, I bragged about my first surgery.
I'm envious that you even have a wife.
Professor, I signed a long-term lease.
No more monthly rent!
The deposit is 200 million won.
You're invited to our housewarming party.
Did you check everything thoroughly?
There are a lot of rental scams nowadays.
It's me who took the college entry exam
four times, and the bar exam six times.
Long-term leases are rare these days,
so I was wondering if I should
just extend my monthly lease.
But it was one of my realtor's listings,
so I signed it right away.
It's like my realtor will be my landlord.
Everything was really easy.
I signed it right away.
[chuckles]
Okay, I'm just saying realtors
can be scammers too.
I checked a certified copy of the title
as well as his ID.
-You're the one who should be careful.
-Why?
Professor Cheon Myeong-tae.
I've heard bad rumors about him.
Stay away from him.
"Bad rumors"? Like what?
Ah, you really wanna know?
-It's kind of gross…
-Oh, enough then.
I don't want to hear about it.
Be it cheating, gambling, or stealing.
I really don't care.
Get back to work. Stop following me.
-Oh, Professor.
-What? What? What?
You're seeing someone, right?
You're literally glued to your phone.
[chuckles]
And if she takes this long
to reply to your messages,
it's safe to assume that she dumped you.
[laughs]
[cackles]
-[Yun-bok] Hello, Professor.
-[Hong-do] Hello, Professor.
Hello, guys. Are you two
the famous Hong-do and Yun-bok?
-Yes, I'm Jang Yun-bok, Professor.
-I'm Jang Hong-do.
Yeah. We've met before.
I gave you a lot of sausages
at the cafeteria.
No way. Was that really him?
-The chatty cafeteria guy?
-Be quiet.
Hey, med students.
-Hm?
-Yes?
What songs do kids listen to these days?
-What?
-I'm talking about music. Music.
What kind of songs
do you listen to these days?
IU's songs.
Well, I listen to…
Music from the Zoo.
Zoo?
Zoo? Hold on. Are you talking
about the band that I like?
How do you know that band?
That was way before your time.
Yeah. She always listens to old songs.
Ugh, she's so lame.
No, she's not.
What's wrong with old songs?
-You're the one who's lame.
-I'm just being honest.
-He doesn't get romance.
-[cell phone ringing]
I can see that.
Hey, stop hanging out with that guy.
He's clueless.
Yes, I'm on my way now. Yup.
I got to go into my rounds now.
I'll buy you a nice meal
when I see you again. Okay?
Oh, by the way. Don't hang out here.
Go to the cafe in the lobby.
If you stay here,
whoever walks in will give you
unwanted advice and meddle. Okay?
Gosh, I'm out of breath.
See you two around.
[door opens]
-[door closes]
-Is he a comedian?
No.
He's Dr. Romantic.
[chuckles]
[rattles]
[Gyeo-ul coughs]
What happened to you?
Are you feeling all right?
[Gyeo-ul] What do you mean?
I only want a soda.
-[Gyeo-ul coughs]
-Your face looks very swollen.
You should…
Oh, this. I have menstrual cramps.
I took some medicine.
I think the medication
caused the swelling.
-[coughs]
-[Ik-jun whistles]
[in hoarse voice]
Hello, Professor Lee.
What's wrong?
-You should go to the ER now.
-What?
[coughing]
But I'm all right. I'm just…
-I'm just under the weather today.
-No, you're not okay.
You got an allergic reaction.
What did you take?
[coughs]
Just medicine for cramps.
[coughs, pants]
What?
-Hey, careful! Watch out!
-Oh, my goodness!
[Seok-hyeong] Good thing we ran
a blood test.
According to the results, you have
the antiphospholipid antibody syndrome.
To maintain a healthy pregnancy,
your blood has to flow very well.
But with this syndrome,
it's hard for your blood to circulate.
Forming a placenta and maintaining
your pregnancy can be difficult.
Then, is this similar
to having recurrent pregnancy loss?
Yes.
According to your files,
this is your third pregnancy
and you've had two previous miscarriages.
Ah… Let's see.
You're seven weeks pregnant.
Is that right?
[sobbing]
Yes.
Here.
Ah… I want to start you
on medication, immediately.
First things first,
I'll be prescribing heparin shots.
Basically, this shot will prevent
the blood from clotting
and improve blood circulation.
It won't be difficult
to do these shots on your own.
This is similar to the insulin shots
diabetes patients get.
And the needle you'll use is very thin,
so it won't hurt as much.
Uh, our nurse will explain
the process to you.
She'll show you how to inject the shots
and take the medication.
So then you can come back after two weeks,
and have another checkup.
[sniffles]
Excuse me, doctor.
You must have seen a lot of mothers
with this kind of disease.
So you must think
this is nothing serious, right?
Why is miscarriage a disease?
[sobbing]
Miscarriage isn't a disease.
Obviously, you've done nothing wrong here.
[weeping]
A lot of my patients
who had a miscarriage ask me
if they did something wrong
or how to avoid it in the future.
It's just not that simple.
This situation can happen
to absolutely to anyone.
And now that you're aware
of what's causing your difficulties,
we can help you prepare for it
so you may have a healthy baby
in a few months.
On that note,
make sure you get your heparin shots.
And remember to take it easy
for the time being.
[sobbing]
Okay.
Thank you, doctor.
[sniffles]
-We're good?
-Yes. We're all done.
Let's have lunch.
Yes, lunch is on me. Come. Let's go!
[both chuckle]
Two slices of chocolate cake,
to-go, please.
-How many forks do you need?
-One. Both of them are for me.
[announcer]
Cardiothoracic Surgery, Code Blue.
-To the hallway in front of Room 6210.
-Emergency for CS, right?
Cardiothoracic Surgery, Code Blue.
To the hallway in front of Room 6210.
[suspenseful music]
[panting]
[machine beeping]
[grunting]
-[Jun-wan] Is it Doctor Park's patient?
-Yes.
The patient had endocarditis,
so they performed an AVR.
[surgeon] I'll check the rhythm.
-We've got a heartbeat.
-[nurse] Mr. Lee Jong-hyeon.
Mr. Lee Jong-hyeon, can you hear me?
[coughs]
[breathes deeply]
What a relief.
-See you.
-[nurse 1] Yeah, bye.
-[nurse 2] Well done.
-[nurse 3] Well done.
Wait, Professor Kim.
Hey, how are you?
I'm Cheon Myeong-tae.
Oh, hi. I'm Kim Jun-wan.
So you must be the big shot at CS.
I am?
Since you're in charge of the VIP Ward,
I say you are.
For doctors,
talent makes all the difference.
What are you doing this weekend?
Would you like to play golf?
Oh, over there. There are two empty seats.
Professor Yang, go ahead.
You two take it, I don't mind.
Hey, Seon-jin, it's fine,
you two can seat over there.
Professor Yang, we can seat at this table.
Okay.
[sighs]
Professor, there's something
I have been meaning to ask you.
-Can I ask you now?
-Hm.
Mm.
Well…
who was the woman in a navy lace dress
that you were talking to
at the outdoor garden last week?
You two
looked cozy together
when you were talking to each other.
So who is she?
[slurps]
Ah…
The mistress of Taegeon Apparel's
Chairman Yang Tae-yang.
What?
She's the mistress
of Chairman Yang Tae-yang.
Ah…
It was in the news, so you know, right?
I think the whole hospital knows.
Don't worry about it though,
I'm completely used to it by now.
Oh, Jeong-won, look.
Empty seat over there.
Oh, right. Hey, do we have
band practice tomorrow?
Yep.
Don't make any plans for tomorrow night.
You got that, Jeong-won?
Hm.
You ate everything.
You didn't pick at your food.
I was never picky with my food.
Don't be picky with people, you prick.
My resident is right here.
[chuckles]
Hey, aren't you
the best friend of Dr. Jang?
Yes, I am. How did you know that?
I see you together all the time.
Right. Too bad, Gyeo-ul is in the ER now.
My gosh, why?
She's much better now
that she's gotten the shot.
I think she had anaphylaxis from NSAIDs.
SUDDEN REACTION TO THE BODY
She took a pill for cramps
and her face was so swollen,
she couldn't breathe.
She passed out like a scene
from the movies.
-Oh, no, I got to go. Please excuse me.
-Sure.
Don't worry. She's much better now.
She's probably asleep.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Gyeo-ul snoring]
-[snoring]
-Oh, gosh. You're up. Are you okay?
Are you in pain?
Do you want me to call Hui-su?
No need. I'm not in pain anymore.
Were you here the whole time?
Is it dawn already?
Mm, it's still evening.
By the way, your phone has been blowing up
with messages from people.
A lot of professors came to check on you.
[Min-ha yawns]
I should have chosen GS too.
They don't treat you
like a resident at all.
You're like a princess.
[groans]
Huh.
[gasps]
[Jeong-won] I heard you were sick.
I was just wondering
if you are feeling better.
Get lots of rest and feel better soon.
He sent me a smiley face, right?
Yeah. A smiley face.
That's not a tilde.
It's a smiley face for sure.
Yes, it is. It's a smiley face.
-What about it?
-[gasps]
[breathes deeply]
Do you think he has feelings for me?
What?
Don't you think
Professor Ahn likes me or something?
Oh, no.
Why not?
If he likes you,
he would have come here.
You like him, huh?
Admit it, Dr. Jang,
you have feelings for Professor Ahn?
Yes.
[sobbing]
[sniffles]
[dramatic music]
[cell phone ringing]
Yes, Song-hwa.
Okay. Hold on a minute.
Jun-wan, Song-hwa needs to talk to us.
She wants to grab dinner.
-You're free, aren't you?
-Yeah, no problem.
Yes, he's free.
Okay. We're about to leave
the hospital too.
All right. See you in a bit.
Something sounded off about her.
Did something happen?
Why? How did she sound like?
-[Jeong-won inhales sharply]
-[door closes]
You know, she acts
likes everything is fine,
but I think there's something
going on with her.
Why are you only telling us now?
When did you get tested?
It's been about a week.
I got a biopsy.
I'll get the result tomorrow.
[clanks]
It was the core biopsy.
Yes, that one.
The shape doesn't look good.
[chuckles]
When the doctor told me that,
I must admit I got scared.
Hey, how could you be laughing about that?
Why did you go to Jae-an Medical Center?
If you had asked me or Ik-jun,
we would've taken care of it right away.
Can't they speed up the results?
Wait, I've got a cousin who works there.
I'll go ask him now.
Oh, stop it. Don't call him.
I didn't tell you guys because I knew
you'd make a fuss out of this.
If it's bad, then people in the hospital
will talk about it.
You know, how much I hate that.
What are you talking about?
Of course, it won't be bad.
The result must be out already.
I'm going to call them.
Stop it. I'm serious, enough.
I'll find out tomorrow morning.
What's the point of calling them tonight?
I don't want to. Don't do it.
This is precisely why I had it done
at another hospital.
Please don't do anything. Please?
What time tomorrow?
-Seven o'clock.
-That early?
Yes. I told them my schedule
is full this week.
When I said I couldn't make it,
they bumped me up by an hour.
They start seeing outpatients
at eight like we do.
I'm glad they adjusted it.
You mean you couldn't get the results
of your own biopsy
because you have to see your outpatients?
Unbelievable.
You could've talked to the hospital
and rescheduled those appointments.
Can you move things around just once?
How could I possibly do that?
Some of them made appointments months ago.
And many are coming to the province.
I'm going to be fine.
I'll go and get the result first thing.
[sighs]
You guys worry too much.
That's a sign of an excellent doctor.
I mean, the fact that they are
coming in early to work to see you.
Right? It's so early. I can never do that.
Let me know as soon as you get the result.
Yeah, of course.
-Should I go with you?
-Don't you dare! I'm serious.
[Seok-hyeong] I'm sure
we are worrying about nothing.
Hey, let's eat. Dig in.
[cell phone ringing]
It's not mine.
Oh, not mine, either.
Yeah?
Are the vitals stable?
What about free air?
Yes, I'm nearby.
If you found liver lacerations
and a perforated bowel,
I'm going to have to check that first.
Okay. I'll be there soon.
Darn it. I have to head back.
Good luck.
I'm off work,
but I'm at the hospital again.
[A-ra gasps]
Do you have an emergency patient?
Yes, the patient was in a car accident.
Looks like the patient's liver
and bowel might need surgery.
[A-ra] Oh, that's terrible.
You'll probably be there all night.
Yeah, I think I'll be done by morning.
And that's if I'm fast.
[laughs]
[A-ra] Fine. Then, come by my shoot
in the morning as soon as you're done.
It's just nearby.
I have to be on standby pretty early.
Let me buy you coffee.
There are a lot
of convenience stores nearby.
It should be my treat then,
you bought me lunch last time.
If I do finish early in the morning,
then I'll try to visit you.
I can't promise anything, though.
[A-ra] Sure,
I hope your surgery goes well.
See you tomorrow morning for coffee, okay?
Okay.
SURGERY DURATION
[machine beeping]
I think the repair is holding well.
Suction.
[sighs]
[huffs]
[light music]
[sighs]
[Ik-jun] I'll take all these.
JAE-AN MEDICAL CENTER
[inhales deeply]
[dramatic music]
[sighs deeply]
COMPREHENSIVE
MEDICAL EXAMINATION CENTER
Seriously? Why are you here?
Why do you think?
I came because I'm worried.
[sighs]
[yawns]
What a yawn. You must be exhausted.
You should have gone home
and gotten some sleep.
-You didn't have to come here.
-I won't be able to sleep.
Hello. Good morning.
Hello. How are you?
Thank you for seeing us
so early this morning.
Don't mention it. We've done this before.
-Please wait.
-Oh, wait a minute.
Please have some of this.
It's really cheap. Don't worry,
it's not a big deal.
No, it's all right.
I bought way too many.
I can't finish all of them.
-Please take some. I'm begging you.
-[chuckles]
Okay, thank you.
Please give us ten minutes.
Sure, we'll be waiting.
DOCTOR'S OFFICE 1
Hey, what if I do have cancer?
You can get it fixed.
I'll fix it no matter what.
[scoffs]
-That's nice.
-What is?
When your doctor is so confident.
[soft chuckle]
Now, I understand why doctors
have to be more careful
when giving out such answers.
It's so nice to hear you say that.
It makes me think you can fix
whatever is wrong with me.
Now, I have to remember
I should never say those things
to my patients.
Because what if something goes wrong?
If in the end, the result is bad…
then they would only be in utter despair.
[sighs]
-[cell phone ringing]
-[sighs deeply]
Hello, Seok-hyeong.
I'm about to go in.
Yes, all right. I'll tell you right away.
I said I will.
-Are you sure Seok-hyeong called you?
-Mm-hm. Why?
I thought he only knew how to text.
He calls me all the time.
[sighs deeply]
A long time ago,
Seok-hyeong had this huge crush on you.
Hey.
[scoffs]
That's ancient history.
You know what happened on the day
when Seok-hyeong told you
that he liked you?
Did you know that he slept on the street?
-Really?
-Yeah. Oh, man.
He and I were having drinks that night.
He told me that he confessed his feelings
to you but you turned him down.
[scoffs]
We had drinks and then we headed home.
But later,
I got a call from the police station.
They told me to take my friend home.
Mm. They called me
because I was the last person he called.
I was confused and went to the station.
Gosh. He was sleeping on the street,
and the officers took him in
so he wouldn't freeze to death.
[laughs]
Seriously? That brings back
so many memories.
So many good ones.
Hold on, you knew back then?
Why did you pretend you didn't?
I only knew that Seok-hyeong liked you.
I didn't know the details.
Ms. Chae Song-hwa, please come in.
-Okay.
-[inhales deeply]
[plastic rustles]
[door closes]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[chuckles]
[humming]
We have ten more minutes, right?
Yes.
Should I go and get you some coffee?
[chuckles]
No. Thanks. I'm good.
Hold on. Now that you ask me, though.
I kind of want coffee.
What is it?
-It's all right. It's benign.
-Hm. Great.
[quirky music]
You get the result?
It's a fibroadenoma.
We'll test it again after six months.
[sighs]
I knew it would be okay.
-All right then. I'll see you later.
-Mm-mm.
It's benign. Benign. Are we good?
Okay.
Is that everyone?
There's one more, Professor.
Did you call the guys today?
I saw them visit you one at a time.
You know we have
band practice today, right?
See you.
Brother, have a great day.
[scoffs]
[sighs]
[sighs deeply]
You can't finish it, right? Pour me some.
What would happen
if we get addicted to Coke?
I can't drink because I'm worried
the hospital will call me.
Hey, Jun-wan, do you want Coke or Sprite?
He's busy. His mom's about
to build a hinoki tub.
What? You want to switch to cypress?
But, Mom, hinoki really is cypress.
They are the same thing.
[all laugh]
Heopa also means lung. Kongpat is kidney.
Jjijimi, pancake. Jeonguji, chives.
-Jeonguji means chives?
-Hm-mm.
I'm with my friends.
Okay. I'll just call you later.
[grunts]
All right, fine!
Are we playing Zoo's song?
Did you bring your guitar with you?
[laughs]
You switch back and lose your accent
right away. That's very impressive.
What? Shut up.
I don't speak with an accent.
Buddy, eat it with jeonguji.
All right.
I think you two…
had the biggest transformation.
-Us two?
-Um-hm.
[chuckles]
What are you talking about?
They looked worse back then.
Especially, you.
What about me?
You wanted to copy Leslie Cheung.
You parted your hair and got a perm.
There's no need
to distort the truth, Ik-jun.
You two looked worse.
How did we look back then?
[breathes deeply]
[quirky music]
[rustles]
-[laughs]
-Just like this.
You're such a prick.
-Total prick.
-It was all Jun-wan.
Now, you're the prick.
Come on, they weren't that bad.
-They looked like this.
-[all laugh]
-[Song-hwa] No. He looked like this.
-[Ik-jun] My gosh.
-Hey!
-This one.
SEOUL NATIONAL UNIVERSITY STATION,
LINE 2, EXIT 3
[Jun-wan] Is this the way?
Where's the school? Why isn't it here?
We have to take a bus first. Bus 289-1.
It's the school entrance. Why take a bus?
If I knew the answer to that,
why would I be standing here with you,
holding this paper like a fool?
-And top of that I'm freezing.
-You said you'd been to Seoul.
-Have you forgotten?
-You've been here too, man.
We went to the National Assembly
on our school trip.
-We did?
-Of course.
Did you bring…
small bills with you?
Oh.
Uh-oh. I only have 10,000 won.
Yeah, same here. Let's see.
How much is the bus fare?
-It's 340 won. Seriously?
-What?
Things here are too expensive.
This isn't a good place to live!
But I still plan on living in Seoul.
-Wait here. I'll go and break the bill.
-At where?
I'll buy something at the cart over there
and get smaller bills.
Excuse me.
-How much for this one?
-[man laughs]
Where did you come from? Busan? Masan?
That's 700 won.
-What about this?
-Three thousand won.
I'll take it.
Here you go.
Good luck with the interview.
Thank you a lot. Have a good day.
MEDICAL SCHOOL INTERVIEW
WAITING AREA
EXAM SCHEDULE
[upbeat music]
Ik-jun, I don't think I did well
on my essay exam.
No. You should cut
your side-swept bangs first.
-What do you mean?
-I needed to take a dump in the bathroom.
But it was so packed with people
so I used the staff bathroom downstairs.
Guess what I heard there.
Do you know what factor
has the most points this year?
[Jun-wan] What is it?
Jeonggal.
Jeongal? Like scorpions?
No, I said, Jeonggal. Not scorpion.
Jeonggam? You mean, "warmhearted"?
Gosh, that's my weak point.
[sighs]
Before anything else,
you better clean your ears.
Use the shovel over there.
-[Jun-wan] What the heck?
-Neatness.
They're going to prioritized
neat students.
Go and cut your hair right now.
Really? Darn it.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
[light music]
[breathes deeply]
["At The Subway Stop
In Front Of City Hall" playing]
♪ I saw you again in front ♪
♪ Of the subway station at the city hall ♪
♪ When I turned around to buy newspapers ♪
♪ I saw your figure ♪
♪ At the crowded newsstand ♪
♪ When I called out your name ♪
♪ You looked surprised ♪
♪ When I was about to go to you ♪
♪ I stepped on someone's foot ♪
♪ I had to say I was sorry ♪
♪ With a big smile ♪
♪ We talked about our lives
And how we changed ♪
♪ We even talked about the weather
Which was boring ♪
♪ The flooding memories ♪
♪ Quickly exhausted us ♪
♪ That time which seemed so slow ♪
♪ Passed us by ♪
♪ You told me
That you were a mother of two ♪
♪ With a gentle smile on your face ♪
♪ When you asked me how I am doing ♪
♪ I just shrugged my shoulders
In disappointment ♪
♪ And told you
That I was still looking for ♪
♪ The love of my life somewhere
In this world ♪
♪ If we run into
Each other again someday ♪
♪ You said you'd show me your children ♪
♪ But the song engraved in our hearts ♪
♪ From that day ♪
♪ Is still fresh like it was yesterday ♪
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪
[crowd cheer]
♪ You told me that
Things were getting tough between us ♪
♪ That could have been
The reason you left me ♪
♪ But I can't know for sure ♪
-Sing it, everyone!
-♪ Lonely night ♪
♪ I remember the night when you left me ♪
♪ Lonely night ♪
♪ You in my memory ♪
[all cheer]
Hey, I'm sorry. No, I mean…
Never mind what I said.
Don't worry, I'm okay.
Song-hwa, I'm sorry for bringing up
such nonsense.
["At The Subway Stop In Front
Of City Hall" by Kwak Jin Eon playing]
[cell phone ringing]
[Song-hwa] Didn't you want to meet up?
Okay. Where should we meet?
I'm sorry. Something just came up.
Let's meet some other time.
DRINKS AND MEALS,
CUSTOMERS FOR A CENTURY
No. I'm okay.
Bye.
["At The Subway Stop In Front
Of City Hall" by Kwak Jin Eon playing]
[grunts]
[cell phone ringing]
["At The Subway Stop In Front
Of City Hall" by Kwak Jin Eon continues]
[cell phone ringing]
[Ik-jun] Hello?
Where? Who is this?
[bell rings]
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, CHAE SONG-HWA
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Chi-hong scoffs]
Thanks a lot. Thank you for the coffee.
-I can't believe how hardworking you are.
-[both chuckle]
If you have questions, ask Song-hwa.
She really likes that.
I will.
Professor Chae is truly a good person.
She is.
And I respect that about her and like her.
Hm. Mm-hm.
[chuckles]
Have you been talking to Ik-sun lately?
Yes, well…
We talk on the phone at least once a week.
She's really just a close friend of mine.
Just like how you and Professor Chae.
No, but what about those times
when I realize she's a woman,
-not a friend?
-My gosh, no.
We're really not involved romantically.
Besides, Ik-sun has still not recovered
from her ex.
She's been saying
that she's still not ready…
to go and date other people.
She has trust issues.
It'll be a while
before she's actually ready.
Really?
I didn't know.
PROFESSOR LEE IK-JUN
I'm paying this month's utility bill.
Jeong-won said he already paid for it.
Goodness, I guess
he's financially doing much better now.
That moocher finally paid the bills.
Hey, what's the matter with you?
Why do you look so down today?
It's nothing really. But…
[inhales deeply]
Oh, my gosh, I had no idea…
[tongue clicks]
-Ik-sun…
-[cell phone beeps]
A NEW MESSAGE FROM IK-SUN
Talk to you later.
[door closes]
[Ik-sun] Yes.
[Jun-wan] What do you mean, "yes"?
-[gasps]
-Today is our first day as a couple.
["Aloha" by Cho Jung Seok playing]
[Jun-wan giggles]
[huffs]
["Aloha" by Cho Jung Seok playing]
[line ringing]
[Ik-sun] Hello, Jun-wan?
What are you doing?
[laughs]
Really? Okay.
No, I don't have any surgery left today.
Have you eaten?
With whom?
Oh, I didn't know about that.
Are you guys close?
Mm.
Um-hm. Okay.
[laughs]
No, come on. Don't do that.
I'll go there and pick you up, okay?
Okay.
[laughs]
[Jeong-won] Are you sure about that?
[coordinator]
Yes, Ji-a is listed as the recipient.
The donor is a 22-year-old female.
Weight, 49 kilograms.
And her LFT is under 40.
So it all looks good.
She was at Kangwoon Medical Center
for seven days.
Good. We'll get ready
so we can do the surgery quickly.
Thanks.
[gasps]
I can't believe it.
[sobbing]
Thank you so much, doctor.
-Thank you so much, doctor.
-[both sobbing]
Thank you for everything.
Thank you so much, doctor.
[both weeping]
Since we are following protocol
the committee must confirm brain death.
It's also necessary for us
to check on the condition
of the donor's liver first.
But I really think this will work.
At the earliest, we can proceed
with the surgery tonight.
[both sobbing]
Then, my daughter, Ji-a,
can finally live her life now.
Right, doctor?
Yeah.
[Ji-a's father]
Thank you so much. Thank you.
[cell phone ringing]
What's the liver's condition?
Are you heading back?
[coordinator]
Professor Ahn, we have a problem.
What is it? What's wrong?
[coordinator]
The donor's liver is very thick.
It looks like it weighs over 500 grams.
-And her AP must be 8cm.
-[sighs deeply]
What should we do?
This won't work. It's too big for Ji-a.
[ominous music]
[light music]
[Jeong-won] This is the last and only way
to save the baby.
So we have to go on with it.
[Jeong-won breathes heavily]
There's a lot of bleeding, doctor.
Would you like to try
the next External Ventricular Drainage?
[Chi-hong] What?
I'll be the lead surgeon for the surgery.
I'm even more nervous now
than when I had to do it.
[Gyeo-ul] I think you should give up.
What if something went wrong?
[sobbing]
[Ik-jun] I was embarrassed
to face other people.
I wondered why
my life was getting so difficult.
[Jae-hak] Hold on. It's fall already?
Jeez, it's fall already?
Something good must've happened to him.
He's always in a good mood.
-Was it a blind date? An arranged meeting?
-Really?
[Jeong-won] Who is it?
[Ik-jun] Who is it
that you're so crazy about?
Jun-wan, do I know her?
I'm Kim Jun-wan's very close friend,
my name is Lee Ik-jun.
The golf course there
is really awesome, okay?
The ball rolls in by itself.
We received an anonymous letter
about a pharmaceutical company's rebate.
[sighs]
Did you play golf last weekend?
[Jeon] I heard the membership
for the golf course…
costs two hundred million won.
[Jeong-won] Hey, you didn't go, right?
What is it? Is something wrong?
[Jeong-won] What? You did?